Five million as compensation?
[Episode 5]
[Shielding you from the world's evil]
That amount is completely unreasonable.
May I ask...
Mr. He, what do you do for a living?
I run an inn.
An inn owner... I don't blame you, Mr. He.
-
You might not be familiar with
how things work in our industry.
-
Actually, this five million...
Our company has contracts with artists.
There are also supply chain contracts,
plus the cost of the discarded prints.
Adding it all up, five million is actually...
I've begged everyone I could
to get the amount down this low.
How about this?
Bring out the contracts one by one.
We'll go through them together
to see if it really adds up to that much.
-
I don't have the contracts on hand,
but I think there's something more important.
-
Hang on...
Please take a look at this affidavit.
Xiang Yong signed this.
I've confirmed it with him many times.
[Voluntary Resignation]
[He Xiang Yong]
Such a huge amount,
and you're making Xiang Yong pay alone?
-
Mr. President...
Sorry, I'm just a publisher.
Sir.
Are you taking advantage of his youth
to make him a scapegoat?
-
Mr. He, it really hurts to hear you say that.
To be honest, since I started this business,
what I've valued most
is being fair, just, and transparent.
We might not be a large corporation,
but we're a publishing house with a conscience.
It's fine.
Mr. He, it's okay if you don't trust me.
I'll have Xiang Yong's former colleague
to come and explain things to you.
-
How about that?
This is He Xiang Yong's father.
He thinks we've misunderstood Xiang Yong.
Xiang Yong did cause a huge mess.
He's turned the whole company upside down.
- Exactly.
- We've been cleaning up his mess.
Mr. He, from the time he was an intern,
he's made so many mistakes.
He's screwed up so many times.
We're constantly cleaning up after him.
All right, that's enough.
Hey, show some respect.
His father is right there.
If it's really Xiang Yong's fault,
then I thank you all
for taking care of him all these years.
If your consciences are truly clear,
then I wish your company great success and soaring profits.
-
May you never choke while eating,
never trip while walking,
and may you never encounter
another He Xiang Yong.
Mr. He, those are such kind words.
I'm truly touched, really.
For those of us in business,
what we fear most is an employee like Xiang Yong.
-
By the way,
Xiang Yong's friend called saying they would handle this matter.
But actually, we haven't heard anything back.
I should remind you, Mr. He.
If this continues,
we might have to proceed with legal action.
-
Don't you threaten me with the law.
Xiang Yong said he'd take responsibility.
So, we'll see it through to the end.
Then I'll leave it to you.
Someone see Mr. He out.
-
What an unscrupulous company.
This is pure workplace bullying.
That brat of mine...
He came back to the island,
but he wouldn't tell me anything.
I'm not surprised. Like father, like son.
Xiang Yong is just like you.
He won't let you see his pain,
just like you won't let him know
about your kidney problems.
You're the one with an enlarged prostate!
Who has problems?
Keep it down.
My health is a minor issue.
There's nothing to talk about.
Yeah, right.
Every time Xiang Yong comes home,
you just sit there drinking.
-
And then? You prepare the freshest seafood.
Anyone can see
how happy you are that he's back.
You call that a minor issue?
So, what now?
Selling the house is the only way?
I tried to get a bank loan,
but the house is too old to be worth much.
I'm getting old, too.
I don't want a situation where...
after I'm gone,
Xiang Yong is stuck with my debts.
Luckily...
Luckily, that David guy...
offered just enough.
-
Sell it.
Of course, sell it. Sell it quickly.
You mean David, the influencer?
He's very sincere.
He's not even from our island.
When he heard I was selling,
he said he'd take a boat to see it right away.
I'm grateful to him.
Why are you cutting so much?
Don't sneak a bite.
That's for our guest.
Look, he's here.
Hurry up and get it ready.
Stop cutting already.
Snakestyle toss!
Mr. He!
Watch out!
Careful!
Nice catch.
A gift for our first meeting.
This is a crystal from my new collection.
- A crystal?
- It looks pretty good, yeah?
Wow, impressive.
This is my good friend, Hua.
Hello, Hua.
Have a seat.
It's so hot.
This weather is a specialty of Starry Islet.
It's like a fairy tale world, you know?
It's actually quite comfortable.
What would you like to drink?
Man Niu.
Xiao You, get a bottle of Man Niu.
Take some photos.
These are all old houses.
-
You don't see them much anymore.
He's my employee.
Take a photo of that dilapidated building, too.
See what we can renovate.
Keep filming.
Just take photos of everything.
What are you doing?
This is my bread and butter.
If I can't even do this well,
how would I have the money
to buy a inn from you?
You're too modest.
David,
it's an honor to meet you.
I've watched your videos.
I'm a subscriber.
-
His content is so diverse.
And his view counts are through the roof.
Vlogs, diving, food reviews...
They're all so dumb.
What?
I meant "dope." They're very dope.
But I heard that nowadays,
views and traffic can be bought.
I wouldn't know, though.
Yeah, I wanted to ask you about that.
Since I don't run a channel myself.
I've heard rumors about that, too.
But I have no idea how to buy those things.
After all, I rely on my own merits.
- I don't know where to find those channels.
- Right.
Just like how I want to buy this inn now,
I'd also like to ask you for advice
on how to run a inn.
Sir, about the paperwork...
Will you handle the legal agent, or should I?
You have more experience buying property.
- You handle everything.
- Sure.
-
I'll take care of it then.
Excuse me, I'd like to ask,
since your channel is so successful,
why do you want to invest in real estate?
Investment... always comes with risks.
And not every job can be a side hustle.
My dad always tells me,
if a person is too greedy,
it usually doesn't end well.
That's not the case for me.
Because with my other jobs,
I can make money while lying down.
So, I thought, by running a inn,
-
I could dive in and experience local life for myself.
Where's my Man Niu?
- Where's the Man Niu?
- Hao Wei, that Man Niu...
We're out of Man Niu.
Is a yogurt drink okay?
Forget it, never mind.
Sir, I've been thinking...
I want to tear down the whole building.
I think it's a bit too old,
and it's not that safe.
-
So, I'm thinking of changing it to...
Greek style, Turkish style, or Spanish style. Anything works.
-
Or if you have...
Or if there's something you want,
you can always tell me.
-
David, I think you really don't get it.
Do you know this is a historical site?
Do you know how much history it has?
Do you know how many people come here
just because the inn looks like this?
I think you're really clueless.
Maybe you shouldn't invest in real estate.
You should just go back
to filming your tacky vlogs.
Zhong Xiao You.
Please don't be rude to my guest.
Let's talk about this later.
Do you really have to sell the inn?
Is there really no other way?
It's my house, and I'll decide.
I'm so sorry.
It's fine, sir.
Maybe you should discuss it
among yourselves first?
No, there's no need for that.
- We're selling. We're definitely selling.
- Okay.
You now, there's a terrace on the second floor.
It has an unbeatable sea view. Let me show you.
- Sure.
- Let's go.
This way, please.
Zhong Xiao You.
That's your name, yeah?
Are you just afraid of losing your job?
Don't you worry.
Once I buy this inn,
you can all come and work for me.
No, that's not it at all.
This way, please.
Let's go.
- Turn left up ahead.
- Keep an eye on him.
After you turn right,
the view connects right to the sea.
Hao Wei, Xiao You.
Show them around.
Okay.
What are you doing?
You're acting very strange today.
Xiao You.
Well...
Let's go to the front desk. Come on, follow me.
This way.
This is our reception desk.
Are you serious?
He really bought it from Yilan.
Hama-chan was right.
He said if you're suspicious,
just check his Instagram stories.
-
Seeing you eat so happily,
I guess you two have made up?
-
Your son has a big heart.
Friends don't hold grudges.
Are you guys really just friends?
Don't you like Hama-chan?
I don't like him. Don't talk nonsense.
Liking someone is nothing to be ashamed of.
Hear me out.
If you love someone, say it out loud, okay?
I don't like him.
It's Hua's birthday tomorrow.
You must invite Hama-chan.
We'll see.
Li Wan Zhe, get on the bike.
- Do you want to eat first?
- Hurry up.
What?
Why are you in such a rush?
Mom, I'm going out for a bit.
Are you taking me out to have fun?
Why are you riding so fast today?
- Come with me.
- Wait, I haven't taken off my helmet yet.
- Hurry up.
- What are you doing? What's the rush?
Why the rush?
Are you running an errand for a guest?
Do you have your ID with you?
I think so.
Quick! Buy me a ticket back to the main island!
- Hurry up.
- Why are you going back to the main island?
Just go buy it first.
If you don't tell me, I won't buy it.
My house is being sold!
So, that's how you got into debt.
This is so infuriating.
When I called your boss back then,
I should've cursed him out.
-
How did it come to this?
It's all because of that stupid shooting star.
Now I can't do anything.
You can't blame the shooting star.
Anyway, what's done is done.
Yeah.
Since it's already happened, I have to face it.
I'll pay my own debts.
No one can touch my home.
Are you going to help me buy a ticket or not?
What's the point of buying a ticket?
What can you do back on the main island?
I don't care.
My dad is selling the house because of me.
I can't just sit here and do nothing.
I'm going back to talk to my boss.
Fine, you want to go back?
Do you have money? Do you have an ID?
That's why I need you to buy it for me.
Fine, I'll buy it. Then what?
How are you going to get the five million?
Even if you went to loan sharks now,
no one would lend you a cent.
Don't you realize that?
And in what capacity will you face your boss?
Mr. He...
Since you're so reluctant to let it go,
why do you have to sell the inn?
Well...
Sometimes we have no choice in life.
I'm sorry.
Hao Wei.
Go help me take stock of the driftwood.
Okay.
Chief, we can handle things here.
I already finished this part downstairs.
Okay.
How is it? How's the fire coming along?
It's going. It's fine.
You're fanning it so slowly.
Let me do it.
Yue, go check on the ice.
Being the village chief is hard work.
- I have to do everything myself.
- I'm worried there's not enough booze.
If you're no longer the chief...
Happy birthday to you.
Thank you.
Wait a minute.
You have to make a wish first.
It's a Starry Islet tradition.
-
- Make a wish.
Okay, let's do this.
Okay.
All right, all right.
- Cheers.
- Come on, cheers.
To the most handsome man on Starry Islet, Hua!
Good.
I wish you all good health.
And may all your wishes come true.
You youngsters, get moving!
Tell me what you want to eat.
- What do you want?
- Green peppers.
Okay. What else?
- Mushrooms.
- Mushrooms?
Yes.
Come to think of it,
you've been on Starry Islet
for sixteen years now.
- Just about.
- Just about, huh?
By now, even Yang Guo and Little Dragon Maiden
would have reunited.
That's an old story.
Haven't you ever thought about
going back to the main island?
I got what I deserved.
It's better if I don't go back.
Yes.
You are guilty.
Your only crime is not being drunk enough!
-
That's right!
You're not allowed to go anywhere
until you're drunk.
Hey, do you guys remember?
Every time he buys a ferry ticket,
some disaster is guaranteed to happen.
You and the main island are just...
Incompatible! You clash!
Bottoms up!
- What's wrong?
- I can't drink anymore.
I'm just kidding.
There's more food here.
Xiao You, come eat with us.
No, thanks.
I don't have much of an appetite.
Then have a drink.
Come on, drink with us!
Help yourself.
Drink up.
Mr. Hua, happy birthday.
Thank you.
I also wish you all the best
and that all your dreams come true.
Thank you, Mr. Hua.
What's wrong? Are you not feeling well?
Let me take a look at you.
I'll be fine after I go back
and sleep for a bit.
Let him check you here.
There's no consultation fee.
Yeah!
Your problem is you haven't drank enough.
Come on, let's toast the village chief.
The village chief will drink with you.
Come on.
Drink more.
That's right.
Mr. Hua, about yesterday...
It's nothing.
We'll talk about yesterday later.
It's fine.
Come on, let's drink together.
Aren't you going to drink with Angela?
A toast to Angela!
You drink half.
That's enough, Li Wan Zhe. Stop drinking.
Chief Wang, watch me perform.
Thank you for always taking care of me.
Come on. Chief Wang, let's drink.
You're really thirsty, aren't you?
Wait for me. I need to go pee.
- I'm going to go pee first.
- Chief Wang!
- You drink first.
- Where are you going, Chief Wang?
Are you using the bathroom
as an excuse to run away?
- You do this every time.
- I'm done grilling over there.
-
I'm here to drink with everyone.
I'll drink with you.
Li Wan Zhe!
Where's Li Wan Zhe?
Li Wan Zhe is dancing over there.
The carp jumping over the dragon gate!
Come on.
I can't help it that I gave birth
to someone like Li Wan Zhe.
- Did I really give birth to him?
- Of course you did.
- He's a good kid.
- Sometimes I'm not so sure.
I'm just not sure.
It's hard to be sure.
I'll drink with you.
I'm sorry.
It's all my fault.
- Hua.
- Please forgive me.
He's been like this for a while.
Do you have any medicine for him?
- Help him out.
- Don't ignore me.
I have the medicine.
Give him three more bottles.
That'll shut him up.
Drink up.
Come on, drink.
He's been mistaking me
for someone else all day.
- Dad.
- Mr. He, I'm sorry.
Xiao You, you're drunk.
- Xiao You.
- Don't touch me.
At least my Li Wan Zhe
doesn't go around calling random people "Dad."
You won't drink with me?
- Go to sleep.
- I'm not drinking with you.
You want to drink with me?
Fine, I'll drink with you.
Xiao You.
Let's go.
That wine is quite expensive.
I'll take care of him.
- Take more.
- Xiao You.
Take a few more.
Xiao You.
Has he lost his mind?
Xiao You, slow down.
Where are you trying to go?
That's enough. Stop drinking.
- You've had too much.
- Don't mess with me.
If you don't want to drink, then go home.
Just leave me alone, okay?
Enough.
Let's go back to the inn.
Go back to what inn?
Let me tell you something.
If I don't finish my drink today,
I'm not going back.
Understand?
You're drunk.
What are you doing?
I'm telling you,
I won't go back until I finish my drink.
What are you doing? Stop drinking.
Xiao You.
Okay, that's enough.
Don't take my drink!
You've had too much.
Fine, how about this?
I'll chug this bottle,
then we'll go back to the inn, okay?
You promise?
Have they lost their minds?
They've gone totally nuts.
Pick up your glass. Hurry up.
Go toast Mr. Hua.
- Hurry up.
- It must be hereditary.
Hurry up.
- Hereditary? From whom?
- Medically speaking, it's genetic.
Mr. Hua, happy birthday to you.
- Thank you, everyone.
- Happy birthday!
And Mr. He, thank you.
Thank you, "Home is He-re".
I really love this place.
Cheers!
I really don't want to let it go.
Okay, you've had too much.
Let's go watch the dancing, okay?
Come on, let's dance.
Let's go.
Let's go dance.
I really love this place.
It's the girls' turn to dance.
The girls are up!
What did he mean by that?
I sold the inn.
You sold it?
Okay, come on.
It's my birthday today.
Let's not talk about this.
-
It has nothing to do with that.
- But he...
- It does.
What about him?
- Hey!
- A, B, C, D, okay?
You're so annoying.
I'm done drinking.
Let's go home.
That's the wrong way.
Can you tell me now?
What exactly are you sad about?
Am I sad?
I'm super happy!
I've had more to drink today
than ever before in my life.
Tell me the truth.
I'm super happy about everything.
Don't pull me.
I can walk by myself.
Chen Hao Wei.
Don't ever come looking for me again.
What do you mean?
He Xiang Yong.
You just turned and walked away.
You just turned and walked away like that.
I finally found you.
I won't let go ever again.
He Xiang Yong.
Page 18 isn't on the exam.
[Epilogue]
Happy birthday to you.
This is the first time
I've given someone a painting.
I hope you like it.
Like it?
This is the best birthday gift
I've ever received.
How could I not like it?
I like it very, very, very much.
That's good.
How could you forget the most important part?
The signature. Hurry and sign it.
When you become famous one day,
I'm going to brag to everyone
that I was your very first fan.
You're so dramatic.
He Xiang Yong.
One day, you'll definitely become
a world-famous painter.
You're so excited
about this year's birthday gift.
What am I going to do next year?
How about for my birthday next year,
you take me back to your home
to see real sea turtles?
-
Sure. It's a deal.
Back then, neither of us knew that those words
would never have the chance to come true.
So, did you kiss Chen Hao Wei last night?
"I'm so happy."
That's what you said while hugging me.
My wish came true so easily.
Don't you think it feels a bit surreal?
I think He Xiang Yong
shouldn't use Xiao You as a substitute.